♪Only after bloom comes fruit♪
♪Who says glory must fade to the past♪
♪Only through thunder
do you reach the clouds♪
♪Who made you the crown of every peak♪
♪I stand at the center of the stage♪
♪My shadow is pinned against the wall♪
♪Facing the light earns every medal♪
♪Little birds,
save your needless pecking♪
♪The open sky rises high♪
♪When night falls,
the moon begins to shine♪
♪I stand in the heart of these lands♪
♪My shadow bears no crown or robe♪
♪Then I know truth needs no disguise♪
♪The green hills see me as I am♪
♪Like dew, lightning,
and moon on the river♪
♪Showing me exactly who I am♪
=The Lead=
=Episode 36=
No problem.
Before three o'clock,
I'll get you the script.
Okay.
Then let's go.
You've missed work all week.
And now you want to perform?
Not a chance.
Troupe Leader.
No, I told you already.
I've had a cold and a fever.
It's been over a week.
That old place I'm staying in
has drafty windows.
It's nothing like the troupe's new rooms.
Who do you think you're fooling?
Listen to me.
The troupe has already decided.
For Hu Xian Jie,
the male lead is Xue Guisheng.
Stay out of it.
Who voted on that?
Yi Qin'e and Feng Zi?
Enough with all that nonsense.
Casting in the troupe
has its own rules and process.
Fine.
I've got my own way.
What are you planning?
Just look at the state of you.
Look at these lyrics.
They fit Scholar Hu
in Hu Xian Jie so well.
Yes. In my view,
Scholar Hu
isn't a bold, brash character.
He's thoughtful and meticulous.
Gentle at heart.
But a bit indecisive.
Exactly. We're on the same page.
I think the two should be switched.
The heroine should be the bold one.
And the hero is more delicate, right?
- Troupe Leader Yi, you agree?
- Yes.
A true kindred spirit is rare.
Troupe Leader Yi, that's you.
I...
Get your paws off her.
What are you doing?
Getting cozy in broad daylight?
Not afraid her man will bash you?
We were discussing the lyrics.
Qin'e, Qin'e, listen.
Let me return to Hu Xian Jie.
We've done two shows together already.
The troupe decides who performs.
It's not up to me.
Actors really have no heart.
Two shows, and you've caught feelings?
What are you talking about?
Don't throw accusations at us.
What am I talking about?
You, Little Queen of Qinqiang Opera,
how is your taste...
like this?
You ditched us first.
Know what "Art above all else" means?
We can't just wait.
What era is it? Still "Art above all else"?
What matters now? Making money.
Then go make money.
Don't hedge your bets and want it all.
You silly girl.
What are you doing?
Playing hero to save the beauty?
- Showing off?
- Wang Qinsheng.
I'm telling you,
I'll fight you on this.
What are you doing?
Are you still not...
Wang Qinsheng!
What are you doing?
Stop making a scene.
If you keep this up,
the troupe has the right to...
Remove me!
You've pushed me this far.
Why should I fear?
What else is there to fear?
I have the right!
I'll show you what a scene is!
I quit!
- Troupe Leader.
- Look at you.
I quit.
He won't do anything rash, right?
Don't worry.
He's all talk.
(Ice pops and ice cream)
Sir.
Open a Bingfeng.
Opener's here. Do it yourself.
(Qinqiang Opera Art)
The Little Queen of Qinqiang Opera
is said to be a dummy.
Stop talking nonsense.
How could she be dumb?
She's charmingly naive and very cute.
Could a dummy sing that well?
I see.
What were you thinking?
I'll take it. Got any more?
Let me check.
No, this is the last one.
How much?
1.1 yuan in total.
Here.
What are you doing?
Why are you yelling?
Move along. Keep it down.
Sir, I left the magazines here.
Okay.
This is juicy.
(Yi Qin'e's Romantic Past)
She really isn't a dummy.
My back's killing me today.
Work on it for me.
Sure. Wait by the door.
Someone's inside. You're next.
- Okay.
- Right.
(Massage Room)
Yi Qin'e, the Little Queen
of Qinqiang Opera.
You know her?
What?
Listen to me.
She's really something.
She rose from the mountains
to the provincial troupe
as deputy leader.
Do you know why?
Why?
I'm telling you.
They say she was barely a teen,
mixed up with an old County Troupe cook.
Later, to join the provincial troupe,
she dumped the guy she'd dated
for years.
I'm telling you,
any man who gets near her
loses his head.
They all go crazy over her.
Know why?
Why?
I'm telling you,
she's a nine-tailed fox from
the Zhongnan Mountain.
Her tricks run deep,
especially with men.
What's wrong?
What?
Nonsense.
Why are you tearing it up?
That's nonsense.
What do you want? What?
What?
What do you want?
Hit me?
What are you doing?
I'll beat you up.
- I'll take you down.
- Hitting me?
I'll beat you up.
Listen, just wait. This isn't over.
You think you're tough?
Jerk.
Sanyuan.
Easy, easy, easy.
Where are you hurt?
I twisted my leg.
Hand me that book.
What even is this?
Those clowns.
That's nonsense.
Dad, Mom.
I'm here.
What happened?
What happened to him?
Why did you get into a fight?
At your age? You should know better.
Are you hurt?
What is this?
This...
Why is it so gross?
Don't talk nonsense.
Don't look.
Good thing Qin'e is in Qianzhou.
She won't see this for now.
But she'll come back.
Then don't let her see it.
But how?
Hongbing, you're back.
Auntie.
How's life in Chang'an?
When do I get your wedding candy?
What candy? You never set me up.
Like you need that?
Girls are lining up for you.
Enough for a whole company?
I'll find you Commander-in-Chief Mu Guiying.
Commander-in-Chief?
Mom.
Ms. Liu.
- Where's Mom?
- Hongbing's back.
Where's Mom?
Here, take them.
Upstairs.
Mom, look, look.
I got you something.
Keep your voice down.
Your dad's on a work call.
Fine. Look.
A wool sweater from Chang'an.
Pretty stylish, huh?
What? Not happy to see me?
What's up?
I want to ask you.
You and that...
Yi Qin'e...
Still keeping in touch?
Of course.
Yeah.
I stayed in Chang'an for her.
What about now?
You two...
How far have you gotten?
You're not living together, right?
I wish.
We're just dating.
I'm telling you, she's huge now.
Look.
(Qinqiang Opera Art)
She's in magazines.
If she weren't so busy performing,
she would've come back with me.
Don't bring this stuff home again.
You should cut ties with her.
What?
What did she even do?
Why must I cut ties with her?
Why?
See for yourself.
(Yi Qin'e's Romantic Past)
Where did you get it?
Your dad brought it back after a meeting.
He blew up the second he got home.
He forced me to call you.
He wanted you back right away.
I kept saying you'd be back today.
That finally calmed him down.
Who's Pan Jinlian supposed to be?
This is all made up.
There's no smoke without fire.
Where did it come from?
Who gave you this?
Look. This isn't her at all.
It's spreading rumors.
Why didn't they spread
rumors about others?
What is that opera singer really up to?
How much do you know about Yi Qin'e?
She's out in public all day long.
Who knows what she's scheming?
How did she get into
the provincial troupe?
What era are we living in?
How can you still think like that?
Women hold up half the sky.
Chairman Mao said that.
Women these days
work and earn their own money.
So everyone deserves rumors?
It's not your place to lecture me.
Cut ties with that woman, now.
Come back to Beishan.
While I still have my position.
I can still help you find a way.
Where did you get it?
Who wrote it?
I'll go find him myself.
Liu Hongbing!
Ungrateful son!
He was away for two years.
He came in and didn't call me Dad.
All for that performer.
And he yelled at me.
Don't you call her that!
Look at yourself.
Is this how a son should act?
Dad only wants what's best for you.
I'll tell you the truth.
I love Yi Qin'e.
No matter what, I love her.
None of you can change that.
Hongbing, Hongbing!
Leave him be.
Let him leave.
If you leave, don't come back!
Ungrateful son.
Hongbing, what happened?
Did you fight with your dad again?
Stop sorting greens at my gate!
(Yi Qin'e's Romantic Past)
(The Secret Past of the Youth
Troupe Leader from Ningzhou)
(The Youth Troupe Leader and Her Three Men)
(Qinchuan Province Qinqiang
Opera Youth Troupe)
You trust the evil monk, not your wife.
Your wife worries through heat and cold.
Your wife, for you...
Every...
- Sister!
- Qin'e!
- Qin'e, what's wrong?
- Sister!
- What's wrong?
- Why did Qin'e fall?
Fahai, Weituo.
You two, go.
Quick, quick!
Watch your step.
Easy, Qin'e.
Come on, sit.
Hurry, hurry.
You get her some water. Now.
You scared us...
Troupe Leader.
Qin'e.
Are you feeling okay?
After these shows, I need a break.
That won't work, Qin'e.
We've booked the later shows.
They all came for Yi Qin'e.
What can the troupe do without you?
And also...
The Youth Troupe...
It depends on you now.
Please hang in there, okay?
If you really can't, next month,
I'll let you skip two shows.
Forget it. You said that last month too.
Let me.
(Mianpi)
Sir, liangpi to go, please.
Sure.
Fresh stock today. 8 mao each. Want one?
I'll take one.
One second. Here's 2 mao back.
Take care.
Sir, liangpi.
- Coming up.
- Thanks.
When did the magazine arrive?
Just today.
8 mao each.
How many do you have?
They're all here.
I'll take them all.
Is this magazine that good?
How many have you sold?
Just sold one copy.
A young girl bought it.
She was pretty.
She could rival Yi Qin'e.
(Qinchuan Province Qinqiang Opera Theater)
(Qinchuan Province Qinqiang
Opera Youth Troupe)
- Make way.
- Have some water.
Have some water. Take a break.
She needs a break.
Shrimp Soldiers and Crab Generals, come.
Hurry, hurry. Keep up.
We want Yi Qin'e!
Yi Qin'e! Yi Qin'e! Yi Qin'e!
Make way.
Great!
Here, just these few.
How much for all of these?
Twenty in total.
Here.
That's all.
What do you mean?
Hold on.
Sir, hold on. Wait.
Five yuan isn't enough.
Close enough. It's only a few books.
They come to 20 yuan.
Five yuan? No way.
- I owe you.
- I'm taking them back.
You listen,
you're not taking them back.
What's going on?
- What?
- Grabbing books in broad daylight?
So what if I do?
What are you doing?
He's grabbing books.
I paid!
Look what he gave me.
What's wrong with five yuan?
I told you, put it on my tab.
Come on, hand it over. Pay up.
It's twenty. You gave me five.
Hey, don't go. Don't go.
Come on.
- How much short?
- What's this about?
Fifteen.
- Thirteen.
- Thirteen?
Two yuan short.
But with that many books, it's wholesale.
Fine, fine. All right.
What kind of person?
- Look at you...
- What a weirdo.
(Yi Qin'e's Romantic Past)
Where did you go today?
Chang'an County.
All the newsstands along the south road.
And bookstores. I hit them all.
I'm totally broke now.
How many did they print?
Tomorrow, I'll go to the print shop
and destroy the whole lot.
You believe what that magazine says?
Believe it? Not a chance.
Qin'e is such a good girl.
Look at that trashy rag.
Look how they wrote about Qin'e.
If I find out who spread this rumor.
I'll make him pay for every bit of it.
Good.
I knew I had the right person.
(Diaojia Village)
So is this true or not?
It didn't happen.
An attempt.
Master Song stopped it.
Where's that guy now?
He ran off.
No one can find him.
You wouldn't know where to start.
All these years,
how that child grew up...
Only she really knows.
Master Chen.
Kid.
Did you offend someone?
What?
Sorting files, making tea for the superior.
With her gentle voice and sultry eyes.
The superior began using his power
to land Yi Qin'e some key roles.
- The investor invited Yi Qin'e to his...
- Stop.
- This is defamation.
- Exactly.
Qin'e, don't go over there.
- It's a smear job.
- What happened?
Just don't ask.
Move.
(Yi Qin'e's Romantic Past)
You must've crossed someone.
Exactly.
This counts as defamation.
- Qin'e.
- We should call the police.
This has to be fake, Qin'e.
We know you're not that kind of person.
Qin'e.
A good name is a bill no one can change.
A bad name is a shackle you can't break.
(Jiuyangou Village Committee)
If that's really how things are,
I'd be willing to drift forever
on this monotonous ocean.
Where can I find a sturdy...
sampan...
I can only wander the streets...
That's enough.
- Stop counting.
- Nine, ten.
It's only ten bills total.
Count longer, still won't be more.
Meager charity.
My life is a drifting withered leaf.
- You had Cungen broadcast there?
- My future
- is highland barley with no edge.
- His sister's famous now.
The kid loves attention.
Let him show off a bit.
- If fate is truly like this...
- Xiuying, what are you doing?
- I'd rather be wild thorns.
- A sheep costs dozens.
When the in-law mentioned it before,
I didn't believe it.
If we'd raised sheep sooner,
- Even if it pierces my heart...
- I'd be rich.
- Blood burning like fire...
- Who knew?
- Burning like fire...
- Our sheep are like Laidi.
- Crawling into the roaring river...
- Treasures.
- The body dies, the spirit won't.
- How is she?
You miss her?
- As the poem says...
- I do, but can't see her.
I'll feed our girl's sheep some grass.
Keep working, everyone.
I'll read another one.
Dinner time! Dinner time!
I need to take good care of you.
You're worth a lot now.
Just like our Laidi.
Precious as can be.
Mom.
Laidi.
The thing is, she never goes anywhere.
Don't panic just yet.
Well...
He's here.
Where's Qin'e?
If we knew where she went,
why would we call you over?
Think. Where does she usually go?
Where else?
She performs every day.
Or she's training.
Or rehearsing.
It's always the same routine.
Think harder. Come on.
How would I know right now?
How about this?
If we have no choice, call the police.
Let them help us find her.
Will that work?
I'll call now.
What to say?
Report it as a missing person first.
The police will take it more seriously.
- What?
- Can this phone call long-distance?
Cuffs? Shackles?
Shackles?
Gold-plated cuffs?
Hold on, I need to take this call.
Hello?
Is this Jiuyangou Village?
Yes. Who's this?
Never mind who I am.
Get Yi Maocai on the phone.
Why are you looking for him?
Why so many questions?
Just stay out of it.
Go get him to answer the phone.
And you call me nosy?
Then I won't get him for you.
Fine, fine. You're not nosy.
Tell me who you are first.
My name is Hu Sanyuan.
You know Yi Qin'e, right?
She was from your village.
I'm her uncle.
Uncle.
Yes, her drum-playing uncle.
You're my uncle too, Uncle.
I'm Cungen.
That little fool.
Go get him!
Wait a second.
Laidi.
Tell Mom what's going on.
Don't sit there silent.
Laidi.
What's going on?
Stop pacing like a hen.
You're just circling around.
You're making me dizzy.
Go make dinner.
Something must've happened to her.
What could've happened?
She's just tired.
Go make dinner.
Keep an eye on her.
Okay.
Dad.
My uncle called. He wants you.
Who?
My uncle.
This sounds serious.
(Youth Troupe Rehearsal Hall)
Seriously?
People still do this stuff?
Isn't it outdated? Ridiculous?
This kind of behavior now
is outright spreading
rumors and defamation.
You can be held legally responsible.
Who did it?
Come to the troupe office later
and explain yourself.
This matter
will be settled within the troupe.
Whoever could've done this
must want to be the lead.
And has the best shot at the lead.
If, after today,
no one comes forward,
I'll take it to the police.
Do I make myself clear?
Yes. Crystal clear.
Dismissed.
(Rehearsal Hall)
Chu Jiahe.
Come here.
I need to talk to you.
Let's talk over there.
Troupe Leader, what is it?
That whole mess was exhausting.
I just want to ask
if you know who did it.
I don't know.
But why ask me specifically?
You've been her classmate for years.
You must know her best.
That's why I wanted to ask you.
Just say it.
You suspect me, don't you?
I never said I suspected you.
I just want to know what you know.
This is a very serious matter.
I know it's serious.
But I really don't know what's going on.
I also want to ask,
if the troupe catches this person,
how will they handle it?
If it were up to me,
at least public self-criticism.
Maybe even a major demerit.
What major demerit?
Send them to the police.
Police...
We can do that.
Then go ahead.
But I really have no leads
to offer.
But, sir, if you find out,
please let me know, okay?
I'm off, sir.
What car is this? What car?
Don't touch the car.
Are we here?
Not yet. The house is up the hill.
It can't go there.
We'll walk.
Come on.
Laidi.
Open the door.
The kid won't eat or drink.
She locked herself in the room.
Who knows what she's doing?
Laidi.
It's really no big deal.
Don't take it to heart.
Okay?
Look, Hongbing is here too.
Back in Chang'an,
he took such good care of you.
Now he's at our home.
At least come say hello.
What's wrong with my sister?
It's work stuff.
Don't press her.
We'll talk later.
Qin'e, it's me, Hongbing.
I know you don't want to come out.
That's okay.
I know you can process this yourself.
It's actually totally normal.
But if you
don't want to come out,
just say something.
Then we'll know you're okay.
If not, make a sound, okay?
Let us know you're safe, okay?
- Is he Laidi's boyfriend?
- Not really.
Then what is he?
You wouldn't get it.
At my age? What wouldn't I get?
Well, they're not always a couple.
They can take it slow and see.
You city folks make things so tricky.
Qin'e, are you okay?
If you don't make a sound,
I'll keep calling from out here.
Qin'e.
As long as you're okay.
Brother.
Someone's spreading rumors.
Why won't the superior step in?
People can say what they want.
And we don't even know who said it.
That's what comes from being seen.
Wasn't the kitchen just fine?
What's with you?
You'd have her cook forever?
People need something to aim for.
Didn't you say
a state grain ration was enough?
Right. Stay out of it.
Everyone hits a rough patch.
She'll get through it.
I know that makes sense.
I'm just worried sick.
I can't help at all.
Hongbing.
Your ride looks really nice.
Our County Chief rides in this car.
Was it imported from overseas?
How fast can it go?
What does it feel like?
Hongbing, Hongbing.
Take me for a drive.
Hongbing, you can drive this car.
You must be a big deal in Chang'an.
A big deal?
Or not a big deal?
Others don't decide that, right?
As long as we know we matter.
Who cares what others say?
Don't listen at all.
Don't let it get to you, got it?
Impressive.
Hongbing,
take me with you to Chang'an.
What for?
The city's better.
My sister went to the city at eleven.
I want to go too.
What's good about the city?
All you see is your sister looking
all polished out there, right?
But all the hardships she's faced,
I've seen them all.
It's been really hard.
You never know
what pain she has to take.
I wish I could do it for her.
Qin'e.
Come out.
Come out. I'll take it for you.
Pretend I'm the one spreading rumors
and slap me hard, okay?
Qin'e.
Let it all out.
You'll feel better once you do.
Qin'e.
Good.
Qin'e, good smash.
Smash whatever's still in there.
Let it all out.
I'll buy you new ones.
Smash anything you want.
Alright, come eat already.
I can't eat. Leave me be.
If you won't eat,
how can anyone else eat?
Go eat.
This is for Laidi.
Auntie, I'll give it
to her.
Fine. Leave him be.
Give it to her.
Qin'e.
At least eat a little, okay?
If you don't eat a bite,
it hurts me.
I haven't eaten in a day and a night.
You've gone even longer.
How about this? Crack the door open.
I'll pass it in to you, okay?
If you don't eat, I won't either.
I'll sit here and keep you company.
Brother, I brought the kid a blanket.
It's cold. Let him wrap up.
Leave him be.
He won't sit out there all night, will he?
If it gets Qin'e to come out,
he'd sit there for life.
I think he's a good kid. Really good.
Come on,
you haven't seen how annoying he can get.
Lights out. Go to sleep.
Qin'e.
The moon here is so big and round.
Feels like if I reach out,
I could almost touch it.
Qin'e.
Are you asleep?
It's okay.
I'll stay right here with you.
I'm going nowhere.
Qin'e.
What? Are you hungry?
Qin'e, what do you want to eat?
I'll make it.
(Romantic...)
It's all behind us now.
You've got me.
No matter how big it gets,
I'll carry it for you.
Look.
The sky tonight
is full of stars.
Tomorrow will be clear for sure.
If you can't sleep,
I'll sit here with you all night.
We'll watch the sunrise right here.
East is that way.
Qin'e.
Where are you going?
Don't you want to see the sunrise?
Qin'e.
Slow down.
It's pitch dark.
I can't see the path.
=The Lead=
(Preview)
We're not in Ningzhou anymore.
You're no longer the top dog.
You spread lies about Qin'e.
You messed with the wrong person.
Don't act up without proof.
Sanyuan.
I knew it was you.
Who has the better life?
The answer is obvious.
What I've been through all these years,
only I know.
It's time to move things forward.
I think you're beautiful.
♪When I woke up and turned back♪
♪I wasn't sure where to go♪
♪We met and brushed past♪
♪Your shadow drifted out of sight♪
♪The stove fire blazed in my dream♪
♪Lit up the tracks of pearly tears♪
♪In my dream, water sleeves flew♪
♪Hiding a lifetime of love♪
♪The Qinling Mountains
crossed the stage♪
♪Spring water brewed strong wine♪
♪Sheep moved through the valley♪
♪It felt like a promise
from another life♪
♪When I woke up and turned back♪
♪I wasn't sure where to go♪
♪If I chose again, I'd still roam♪
♪All over this sunlit plateau♪
♪The dream ends; the curtain falls♪
♪Moonlight washes off this stage makeup♪
♪The one in the mirror wears gray hair♪
♪Already sang all my joy and sorrow♪
♪Already shouted across Qinchuan Plain♪